new  easeLinear (),
new  easeInSine (),
new  easeOutSine (),
new  easeInOutSine (),
new  easeInQuad (),
new  easeOutQuad (),
new  easeInOutQuad (),
new  easeInCubic (),
new  easeOutCubic (),
new  easeInOutCubic (),
new  easeInQuart (),
new  easeOutQuart (),
new  easeInOutQuart (),
new  easeInQuint (),
new  easeOutQuint (),
new  easeInOutQuint (),
new  easeInExpo (),
new  easeOutExpo (),
new  easeInOutExpo (),
new  easeInCirc (),
new  easeOutCirc (),
new  easeInOutCirc (),
new  easeInBack (),
new  easeOutBack (),
new  easeInOutBack (),
new  easeInElastic (),
new  easeOutElastic (),
new  easeInOutElastic (),
new  easeInBounce (),
new  easeOutBounce (),
new  easeInOutBounce (),